
Frequently asked questions about Malayalam-TeX and their answers

1.  What is Malayalam-TeX?

    Malayalam-TeX is a package to be used together with the TeX Typesetting
    system to typeset the Malayalam language of South India. The included
    Malayalam fonts cannot be used with other software, without a lot of
    hard work and are not in PostScript or TrueType format.

2.	Do you also have TrueType and PostScript Malayalam Fonts?

	Yes, I have, but they are not yet ready for distribution. Don't ask me,
	I will announce them.

3.  How can I get Malayalam-TeX?

    by anonymous FTP. You can locate sites that have Malayalam-TeX by going
    to <http:\\www.shareware.com> in your favourite web browser and search
    for Malayalam. The current version is complete with the Metafont sources.
   
    If you download this, please send me a note to tell me how you are using it.

    Jeroen Hellingman             	E-mail: <jehe@kabelfoon.nl>
    Aletta Jacobsstraat 5           Tel: +31 347 373935
    3404 XD IJsselstein             Bank: PostBank Amsterdam,
    The Netherlands                 Account No: 5025409.

	If my E-mail changes, I will make it known at <http:\\www.four11.com>

4.  What does Malayalam-TeX cost?

	Nothing, except for your own effort and time to get to know it. I however
	retain the copyright, and would certainly appreciate it if you let me
	know your experiences or send me any works you create with it.
	
5.  Can Malayalam-TeX be used on system X?

    This depends on 2 factors.
    a.  is TeX available on system X.
    b.  an ANSI C compiler is available on system X.

    Malayalam-TeX has been used successfully on Atari-ST, MS-DOS, Mac, and 
    UNIX machines.

6.  How do I enter Malayalam?

    Malayalam is entered in a simple to learn ASCII transcription. In this
    transcription the Malayalam alphabet in this transcription is:

    a aa i ii u uu R RR L LL e ee ai o oo au a.m a.h
    ka kha ga gha "na ca cha ja jha ~na .ta .tha .da .dha .na
    ta tha da dha na pa pha ba bha ma ya ra .ra la va sha .sa
    sa ha .la zha.

    The begin and end of Malayalam transcription is indicated by $-signs

7.  What about scientific transcription?

    Scientific transcription (i.e. with the dots and macrons) can be derived
    from the same ASCII transcription, by changing the single $ delimiters into
    double $$ delimitors.

8.  How can I change the Malayalam transcription?

    The transcription is defined in tables in the files mmr.trs (for
    modern script), mm.trs (for traditional script) and mm.pat (for
    scientific transcription). By editing those files, you can change the
    transcription as you wish.

    Alternatively, you can use the patc utility, included in the package
    to translate your transcription to the standard Malayalam-TeX transcription,
    by defining a new pattern file. An example pattern file (ack2mm.pat) which
    translates a commonly used transcription to Malayalam-TeX transcription
    is included in the package.

9.  What about other Indian languages?

    Malayalam-TeX has been tested together with Frans Velhuis' devnag font
    for Devanagari and Rigdeways Tamil fonts. Files and instructions for
    using those fonts smoothlessly together with Malayalam-TeX are included
    in the package. I am currently working on an Oriya version.
    
10. What if I still have more questions?

    A full manual is included in the package in PostScript and TeX format,
    print it and read it. If you still have more questions
    contact the author, his address is given in the answer to question 2.


[End.]
