
Malayalam-TeX v1.6

Note:
This is a quick-and-dirty release, to give people access to the
MF code as it is now. Some parts of the package have not been fully
updated, but will be anyday soon. If you have had an older version
of Malayalam-TeX, you will have to replace all TFM files and
rebuild all fonts with metafont.

Malayalam-TeX is a package to typeset Malayalam with TeX 3.0 and
higher, in both the traditional and reformed script. The complete package
includes a pre-processor and fonts in various styles (regular, bold,
slanted, calligraphic) and various sizes (6, 8, 10, 12, 17 pts). Text
can be entered in an ASCII transcription with can be converted to
traditional or reformed script or to scientific transcription in
TeX using a pre-processor. The transcription is adaptable via tables.

The package includes

--  the executables of the preprocessor for MS-DOS and Atari-ST.
    (Macintosh version coming)
--  macro files for TeX.
--  the MF (source) and TFM (font metrics) files.
--  the source code for the preprocessor in ANSI-C. This will enable
    you to use the package on any machine that supports C and TeX, and
    the source code for METAFONT, so that you can generate fonts at
    various sizes and for various output devices.
--  executables for MS-Dos, Atari ST, and Macintosh.
	(Mac users: these are just the MS-Dos tools ported to a mac, with a
	simple command line interface.)
--  a user manual, explaining the use of Malayalam TeX.
--  several samples of Malayalam texts

Obtaining Malayalam-TeX

Malayalam-TeX is freeware, and can be downloaded from various sites that
hoist the CTAN archives. Malayalam-TeX is copyright 1998 by Jeroen Hellingman.

You may copy Malayalam-TeX, give it to your friends, or distribute it via the
internet or on CD-Roms, and use it as much as you like for any matter, however
I retain the copyright on the package.

You may modify the sources as long as you clearly indicate that you have
changed them and what you've changed, and inform me of any improvements
and additions you've made. Do not distribute changed sources.

I would love to hear about any major project you are involved with that
use Malayalam-TeX, or might use Malayalam-TeX.

Also available:

Oriya-TeX
Unicode Shapes font (TeX, PostScript, TrueType)
Tamazight-TeX
Tamazight PostScript and TrueType fonts

Contact me if you want other fonts made available for TeX.


Contact:


Jeroen Hellingman               E-mail: <jehe@kabelfoon.nl>
Aletta Jacobsstraat 5           Phone +31 30 6875444
3404 XD IJsselstein             (18.00--21.00 MET)
The Netherlands
  
Postbank account no 5025409 (Amsterdam office)


